Delegate Certificate Revocation Checking (#97)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

to carry the payloads.

Hence, instead of performing certificate revocation checks on the IoT device

> itself this specification RECOMMENDS to delegate this task to the IoT device

Reviewer: capitalised “RECOMMENDS” is not a RFC2119 term

```suggestion
itself this it is RECOMMENDED to delegate this task to the IoT device
```
